hi everyone today we are very interested
in the scalability of ipfs so the
problem is it's different to the
scalability in the blockchains so
actually our basic question is let's say
if we have 100 gigabytes files to store
a 100 gigabyte bag so how we can storing
ipfs with the space constraint of each
node is 10 gigabyte
so we consider to use a sharding that we
partition the dag into a several nodes
and let's say if the node is lack of
storage and it is not enough for them to
store the Hodag he will partitions
attack intercept a disjoint part and
share the chars to other nodes we
consider two problems the first problem
is that how we can shard evenly so we
gave a solution that maybe we can use
DFS so you download the Hodag and you
you run a DFS algorithm and you can just
directly run a difference algorithm and
count the total space the total size so
when the space is full you can select
two you can select this sub tag and as a
shard the third problem is that is that
when you pin on a PFS actually you
recursively pin their children so if you
pin the whole tag will be added how to
solve it how to solve this problem on
shouting we provide another solution
that maybe we can use a dummy age let's
say each time we partition a dag we
change the age between chars to be a
dummy age that is when you pin you
ignore this age but when you cat urine
and a PFS cat you recursively cat the
the the data to the the data of the age
and finally you can download the whole
data on the dag yeah thank you
we also made some he made some
magnificent drawings for you to see
please consider the deep dive jury we're
very interested in thank you very much
thank you thank you